So creating products works fine.
So we have this part of our application.
But now we want to make sure that if we send a GET request we can display all the products stored in
our collection and therefore displaying all the documents to do so we go back to our Mongo J S file
here.
We now work on get products and décor syntax will be pretty similar to the one we see up here for our
create product logic.
Nevertheless I created from scratch once again just for practicing reasons we don't have to specify
a structure for the product obviously because to get the product.
Therefore we again have to create our new client constant which again will instantiate a new Mongo client
class.
And don't forget to provide to you are L otherwise the client doesn't know which server we want to connect
to.
So that's as we did it before up here actually.
So we are now.
This part.
Now I will again add a try catch block here because as for creating documents also when getting documents
from the server well things go wrong.
Therefore we want to make sure we have a proper error handling Europe.
So what a catch blog is actually almost the same as we had it before in the Iraq case.
I want to return again to interrupt code execution a response Chase and method and disrupt your message
maybe could not retrieve products and in the tribe log we can follow the same logic.
This means you first want to establish the connection to our money server an asynchronous task again.
So which flow to our client and connect method then we want to get access to a specific database.
So we create a new constant TB again and we again use our client and now the DB method without providing
the database name as we added the database name in our you are appear.
So that's again this part and now we don't want to store on your product.
Now we want to get access to the existing products for that.
I'll create a new constant here which could be named on products.
And again we have an asynchronous task therefore let's add a weight.
And now we want to refer to the database in there to a collection.
Now the collection name has to be the same that we used up here because I want to refer to documents
stored in this collection.
Therefore we refer to our products collection.
And now what do I want to do.
Well I don't want to insert one but I want to find the document so we can simply use defined method
and by default defined method in Mongolia EPA returns a so-called cursor a cursor is basically a pointer
to the results of the query and you can then iterate for the cursor to see all the results.
We don't want such a cursor right here we actually want to display all the documents immediately and
to achieve that we can simply add to every method.
This will allow us to get the documents in an array.
You can also configure find to have a filter or to only return some views of the identified products.
But here we don't need either of that later and of course you will see examples for filtering though
and that's it almost as before we have to make sure that once we open a connection we ought to close
it.
Therefore we again use client lowest here.
And finally I need a response and the response should be again of type Jason and I want to refer to
all products you we have a constant here.
So do you block scoping.
We should add variable products variable and now removed constant.
With that we can use it down here and we want to get the products as a response by saving this.
We are done in the Mongo J S file but we have to make sure we also add our get products function in
our aptly as file this time as a second argument here in the get method for Dad we add Mongo practice
dot get products here again don't forget to save this.
And let's not go to postman and treat a second request this time it gets request altered you log close
to 3000 slash products.
And now if we had sent Yeah we get back our product.
So this seems to work.
Let us also create a second product maybe to see if we order which we multiple products.
Let's say we have a banana maybe for one dot 19 and let's create this product.
This worked fine.
And if in sent another get request we should see that we get both the apple and the banana.
Yeah.
Perfect.
This is great.
Let's have a look at our database and reloaded once again and we also have both our documents in our
products collection first document and the second document with the banana.
So this is how we can create documents in Mongo TB and how we can get all our documents now although
this is a very simple application in the end we wrote quite a lot of code just to do this.
And we also have to define each single step to make sure no longer to be works correctly.
You see we have to define the client here and then we have to establish the connection we have to refer
to the database to the corresponding collection.
We we have to tell Mom would it be that you want to insert one specific document and so on Indian.
This is not a big problem but actually I would prefer to rather focus on three core logic or for application
because in the end well I just want to create a new document.
Why do I need all this code right here and why do we have to set up the connection manually.
Why do we have to close it manually.
And so on.
The great thing is there is a little helper which can make our lives a lot easier when working with
Hmong would you be in this helper is called mongoose.